Now we can not only handle get routes,
we can also handle post routes so let's do this here.
I'll set up a new route with router
and then post instead of get.
Now here we set up the URL we want
to use for this post route.
I'll name it message here and then we have this function,
which has this request, this response,
and this next function we could call.
Now in here what I want to do is I want
to redirect the user to this normal message route
and output the message, which is now
submittable by the user.
Well, it isn't right now, but I'll add a form
for the user to submit a message in a second.
So here in this /message URL, what I do
is I first extract the message.
I'll store it in a variable and I can extract it
from my request and there from the request body.
Remember in the app.js file in the root folder,
we ran bodyParser on each request,
which means it is parsing the body
and giving us access to the data sent with a request
in this convenient body variable here.
So here request body and then I can simply access
the property under which I will send the data
which I want to extract.
So this is something I can then set up on the front-end
in my view, for example when creating a form,
which name I gave the input I want to extract here.
So I will assume that it is stored in a variable
where the property stored message too
and we will set up the right view for that
in just a second.
Thereafter I can redirect my request
because I don't want to render a response here
on this get request.
Instead I want to redirect to a get route
to only render get routes.
I want to redirect to /message, so to this route here
and I also want to append the message
which was sent by the user.
So I will add another slash and then message
so I will encode this message in the URL.
In order to be able to handle this message now
in my get route, I need to set it up
to be able to receive a request.
I do that here by adding a colon
and then any name of my choice.
I'll name it msg to mix it up and have
a different name here than always message.
So this is up to me, but with the colon
I indicate this part of the URL,
so the slash something after slash message,
will actually be some variable data.
I can then extract the data here in my function
to pass it to the view on my request object as well
because it's part of the request and then params.
Params refers to parameters encoded in the URL
and here I simply use the same name I said up there so .msg.
With that, we set up the routes handling both a post request
and now a get request with some data.
I can already show this get request
if I restart the server again since we've changed something
and then I go to /message/something.
You now see something here because we encoded
this part to be variable.
Now I also want to add a form to this node.hbs file here
so that we are able to actually submit our own data.
So I'll add a form action is /message
because this is the route of this post route
and then here in this form I'll make it very simple.
I'll add a input, which I'll give a name of message.
The name here is important.
I have to use message here since I tried to extract
the data from a property named message here
on my request body and this will be the same name.
So if I use message here on the back-end,
I have to name this input message on the front-end.
Here I'll simply set up a button of type submit
to submit this message.
With that, we're almost done, missing pieces.
I need to set up a method of post here on the form
and with that, no need to restart the server.
We didn't change anything on the server side code,
only the view where we don't need to restart the server.
If I now reload here and enter my message
and hit submit, we now see my message being output here.
It's encoded in the URL and what happened behind the scenes
if we have a look at the network tab.
Let me reload and send another message.
You'll see that I reach out to message here
with a post request.
Then we get status of 302, which means it's redirected
to this route here, message/anothermessage,
which is a get request which handles
what we see here in the end.
And this is how we can work with different types
of requests in the route folder here or in the route file
and on our views like this.
Now that being said, we will use this routing
a lot throughout the course because we need
to create such routes for Angular 2.0,
but as mentioned before we won't render any views
but the index.hbs view where we won't output data.
All the data output of something,
Angular 2.0 will handle it for us.
This is only to showcase you how
a server side only application would work
and to demonstrate how this routing works here.